Noted we learned how we can use to.
Let's create another component.
All name and info.
Now that will give us a new folder again info with all the files you solve before.
Remove the test file maybe leave Oliveri on anything and here again we won't use it.
It doesn't hurt us if it sits there though.
Now what I want to do is I want to use this info component in my user component.
Note that both have been added to the app module by the Selye so the info component has a selector of
app info.
I can simply go to my usual component and maybe output let's say age 3 tag at the top.
The user and in the paragraph here I don't want to output.
My username is and then username and I want to use app info below that now in my user component typescript
file.
I'll add the user name property which I output and assign a value of Max whatever name you like.
And info.
Well here I'll simply say angular is really awesome like that.
If we now save us and Angi service still running make sure to rerun it if you quit the process.
So now with that we only see AB works.
Why.
Well because we created new components but keep in mind we have to add them in our root component or
at least one of the two.
The user component in this case since the user component includes the info component in its template.
So in my Achmad HMO fall I'll simply add app user which is the selector of the user component as defined
here.
Now if I save this and I go back as soon as this reloads we see day user My username is max angle.
That's pretty awesome and that is how we can work with multiple components nece them into each other
to.